
I am a black, female Computer Science student at an HBCU, Grambling State University. Grambling is remote and in a rural area that is far from the face of tech.This has affected how much the school gets for this major. To shed light, the graduation rate for our CS department has been as low as 6 students per cohort versus an enrollment of more than 80 students. The entire department is being revived but it is not yet capable of providing me with specific resources. This has affected my progression as an aspiring software engineer. Additionally, my university is a “teaching institution”, which emphasizes the theoretical side of courses and a high-credit curriculum leaving little room for practical, industry-aligned projects. The graduation rates also highlight the lack of alum presence in the field which makes my network very small. I also want to highlight that my journey in tech began later than most. I wrote my first line of code after arriving in the U.S. for college. This combination has built my big race: to keep up with classwork, to individually learn new tech and programming from the ground up, and to get ready for internships. It's been demanding, but it's shown me exactly what I'm up against.
These struggles have shaped me into the resilient future engineer I aspire to become. It is my job to make sure I am making progress in my collegiate journey. Therefore, I have led my colleagues in reviving computer science clubs and organizations at school which have been inactive for a long time. Individually, I have participated in extracurricular programs, conferences and online certificates. These include CodePath, Break Through Tech, Udemy and Youtube, to strengthen my practical skills of building web applications. I have personal and passion projects, some in progress and some finished. These courses and experiences have given me a good foundation from which I can learn to build better applications. However, I've hit the limit of self-directed learning. I have realized that to make real progress, I need a more guided way to learn, with structure from software engineers who have been in the industry.
In reference to the above, I want to be in this program because it was drafted and designed by professionals in the industry. The essential skills were spotlighted. The program has been tried and tested, refined from both program participants' reviews and the company’s experience. What more structure and direction could I ask for? The program will train me to be an intern. I want to be trained to become an ideal candidate for Salesforce’s major internships. I have taken CodePath courses. The model of teaching ensured my peers and our mentors progressed together. Nobody gets left behind. With the added touch of Salesforce’s industry environment, I’ll get to see firsthand what it actually takes to build and ship software in a real tech environment.
Beyond the limitations of my educational support system, I also have individual attributes that I want to improve to become a well-rounded engineer. I struggle with networking and speaking in industry technicals that I find talking to industry professionals intimidating. I get nervous under scrutiny. In team settings, I struggle with task delegation and usually overwhelm myself with responsibilities. I have started to work these in class, by attending conferences and presenting there, but I still want to improve my social competency. This is why I have the strong urge to join a supportive community for an extended period. My aim is to build the confidence to convey my ideas.
Using skills from the program, I want to build secure web platforms to improve access to basic resources like school fees, legal representation for issues like early child marriages, accommodation and food to change the lives of other girls that I left in my village. I have already started building Impact Flow, a basic service distribution platform that works like GoFundMe, but it is specific to needs and it protects the identities of both parties. I would like to see it blow to scale to spread assistance to the right audience. Just like Slack, my aim is to decentralize knowledge and access by increasing reach to underrepresented age groups in Africa. Therefore, Improving my engineering skills and learning the step to step organising and building will allow me to fully finish and deploy it for large global scale use. 
In conclusion, I am ready to move across the country to get more than technical growth. I bring lived experience and  resilience to learn with peers, and get the mentorship that my university environment hasn’t been able to provide.Salesforce's investment in me will produce an engineer who creates opportunities for others, and builds operational software for communities.

Therefore I am profoundly underrepresented
My very first barrier is geographical.
The company has more than 50k volunteer hours and 54k non profits. I read about the pledge1perecent.org.
Codepath's commitment to providing free education is an answer to an underrepresented student like myself
I want to work on removing unnecessary “and”s and listing synonyms i have more than 50
To think about:

i LOVE AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES
ITS JUST CRAZY HOW COOL THEY ARE AND THE AMOUNT OF WORK PUT IN THEM
i enjoy reading

